An android application which keeps the screen of the device awake based
on the applications currently running.

## Usage

After installing the Insomnia APK, launch it to start the configuration
interface. At this point, there will be a list of applications which
are installed on the device. It is worth noting, only applications with
a launcher will show up in the list. At the bottom of the list, there
is an inactive/active button, which toggles the global active state of
the Insomnia service. If this is set to "inactive," the service will
not run, regardless of the configured applications. Before proceeding,
it is recommended the button be toggled to "active" in order to allow
the Insomnia service to function.

Pressing on an application in the list toggles its active state. Each
application has a status icon to right of the application name, which
represents its active state. If the icon is green, the application is
currently active, and if the icon is red, the application is currently
inactive. When an application is set to active, the Insomnia service
will monitor the list of running applications on the device for the
active application. If the application is found to be running by the
service, a wake lock will be imposed on the device, keeping the screen
awake.

In addition to the basic toggle functionality, an application can have
a timeout assigned to it by long pressing on an application item. The
timeout ensures the Insomnia service only holds the screen wake lock
for the application for the length timeout value. The default for each
application is a timeout of "None," which means the application has an
infinite value for its timeout. If the screen timeout on the device is
greater than the timeout value, the application will never hold the
screen awake. There is no priority with the timeouts, which means the
highest timeout value will be the only timeout value used for removing
the screen wake lock.

Along with the per application settings, there are Insomnia settings,
which can be set via the settings interface in the options menu. There
is an option to set the active state of Insomnia (this is the same as
the inactive/active button), an option to enable the automated starting
of the Insomnia service at boot, and an option to allow the dimming of
the screen while it is under a wake lock.

## Building

The application uses the gradle build tool, which must be installed on
the system before building the application.

Begin by checking out the source tree:

    $ git clone https://github.com/jgeboski/Insomnia.git
    $ cd Insomnia

Now invoke the build process with gradle:

    $ gradle assembleDebug

The APK will now reside at `app/build/outputs/apk/app-debug.apk`.
